Spaced repetition system
also known as flashcards method
is one of the most efficient ways
to memorize new words.
There are plenty of great SRS applications on the market.
But none of them provide a convenient way
to create flashcards while surfing the web.
Here comes Vocably!
Highlight any unfamiliar word
while surfing the web on a desktop.
Check its definition and translation.
Get high-quality flashcards automatically
created and synced throughout your devices.
Study the flashcards on the go.
Repeat this as often as you can
and soon you’ll notice an improvement in your language comprehension.
Vocably inspires you to read in a foreign language!